docs: Mention lack of signing with Homebrew (#23663)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/installation.mdx

The Teleport package in Homebrew is not maintained by Teleport and we can't
guarantee its reliability or security. We recommend the use of our [official

> Teleport packages](https://goteleport.com/download). Binaries provided by Homebrew
> are not signed by Teleport that will prevent certain functionality such as 
> using Touch ID or Device Trust with `tsh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport packages](https://goteleport.com/download). Binaries provided by Homebrew
are not signed by Teleport, so features that require signed and notarized binaries
(TouchID, Device Trust) are not available in Homebrew builds.
```

Reviewer: Also, not a huge issue, but note that you might confuse people by mentioning device trust in the v11 and v10 backports, since it's only available in 12+

Author: Thanks, will take that into account with any backports.

<ScopedBlock scope={["enterprise", "cloud"]}>

The Homebrew version of Teleport lacks the ability to maintain SAML/OIDC authentication
connectors through the `tctl` binary. We recommend installing the official Teleport Enterprise edition of `tctl`.

>  

Reviewer: Remove this whitespace.
